README.md, before:

# George

## Installation

First, create a folder here name "George":

```
C:\\Wamp\www\1root\library\
```

Past All file here

Second, include scriptGeorge.php in the master-header.php

```
C:\\Wamp\www\1root\
```

Then in the LP:

- Include master-header in the index.php
- Include in the js/general.js where the form is sent a custom event see below

```
let event = new CustomEvent('form-sended');

document.dispatchEvent(event);
```

### Folder CSS

This Folder contains style.css for add styling to George

### Folder database

This folder will contains all database and stock data for George

The DB will be name in following this pattern `campaign_lan_numLP`

The databases are managed with the FlatDB library

### Folder library

This Folder contains all library require for George

- FlatDB => DB
- Mobile-Detect-2.8.25 => Detection for mobile
- class.browser.php => Detection for browser

### File addABTest.php

Script for create ABTest with one URL conversion, one Discovery Rate and variation URL

### File AddConversion.php

Script for save a conversion to a variation URL

### File delDB.php

Script for delete a DB and delete files and folder with a name

### File index.php

Interface User for George

### File scriptGeorge.php

This file is the "scriptGeorge.php" for the LP and contain script for search if DB and data exist and launch the script for calculate visit and the conversion, include this file in the header of the page

## Running the tests

- Start : Go to the url of the root of the folder

```
https://nomdomaine.fr/library/George/
```

### ADD ABTest

Fill in URL inputs without adding parameters

```
URL conversion => https://www.je-renove.net/pho/lan/06/

Discovery Rate => 0.20

URL variation => https://www.je-renove.net/pho/lan/16/
```

Click in the Button "Start AB Test"

Commit message:

abtest.php, permet de consulter plus en détail un abtest, changeStatus.php => permet de changer le status d'un abtest en pause ou en cours, modif effectué sur le scriptGeorge permettant la mise en pause ou non, Fix bug de redirection avec paramètre qui ne fonctionnait pas

README.md, after:

# George

## Installation

First, create a folder here name "George":

```
C:\\Wamp\www\1root\library\
```

Past All file here

Second, include scriptGeorge.php in the master-header.php

```
C:\\Wamp\www\1root\
```

Then in the LP:

- Include master-header in the index.php
- Include in the js/general.js where the form is sent a custom event see below

```
let event = new CustomEvent('form-sended');

document.dispatchEvent(event);
```

### Folder CSS

This Folder contains style.css for add styling to George

### Folder database

This folder will contains all database and stock data for George

The DB will be name in following this pattern `campaign_lan_numLP`

The databases are managed with the FlatDB library

### Folder library

This Folder contains all library require for George

- FlatDB => DB
- Mobile-Detect-2.8.25 => Detection for mobile
- class.browser.php => Detection for browser

### File AddConversion.php

Script for save a conversion to a variation URL

### File abtest.php

File for see data [nb_visit, coonversion, tx, etc...]
acces with parameter $_GET['dbName']

### File changeStatus.php

Script for change status PAUSE OR STARTED of abtest

### File AddConversion.php

Script for save a conversion to a variation URL

### File delDB.php

Script for delete a DB and delete files and folder with a name

### File index.php

Interface User for George

### File scriptGeorge.php

This file is the "scriptGeorge.php" for the LP and contain script for search if DB and data exist and launch the script for calculate visit and the conversion, include this file in the header of the page

## Running the tests

- Start : Go to the url of the root of the folder

```
https://nomdomaine.fr/library/George/
```

### ADD ABTest

Fill in URL inputs without adding parameters

```
URL conversion => https://www.je-renove.net/pho/lan/06/

Discovery Rate => 0.20

URL variation => https://www.je-renove.net/pho/lan/16/
```

Click in the Button "Start AB Test"
